Update release documentation + checklist (#2079)
paritytech/polkadot: RELEASE.md

  completed
6. (optional) If a fix is required to the release-candidate:
  1. Merge the fix with `master` first

>   2. Cherry-pick the commit from `master` to `release-v0.8.26`, fixing any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  2. Cherry-pick the commit from `master` to `release-vVERSION`, fixing any
```

Author: I prefer to use an example version string in docs over some placeholder value (like `VERSION`) because I feel it makes the examples clearer.
